# Team 27: Bean-Bag Boys
## Post TA discussion meeting : 04/13/2021
### 7:02 PM
_**Present: Gourab, Samyak, Sarah, Issac, Xun, Richie,Raymond**_

We debriefed that large amount of information given to us by the TA. Essentially, we pondered how things are going to pan out the next couple of weeks, but first, we had our deadlines for the coming assignments due this Thursday. The first thing that was finished off the agenda was finalizing our team name to the Bean-Bag Boys which held a unique and intrinsic value to many of our team members and gave us a good laugh as a group. After finalizing that, we allotted members to take responsibilities on a voluntary basis. Gourab took the responsibility for maintaining documentation as the TA suggested individuals maintain a standard for aspects to prevent any future confusion. Following that, Sarah took charge of finishing the team page for our personal branding assignment. There was a consensus deadline for biographies and images set for Wednesday night which would be incorporated into the team page. We also set the deadlines for signing the group contract on Wednesday night as well. Finally, we reaffirmed that everyone should send in their introduction video by Tuesday night. After setting all the deadlines straight for assignments, Samyak took on the responsibility to ensure that our repo was correctly formatted once all of our pushes for the assignments were made. 

Meeting ended at 7:20PM 
