 # **Team 27: Bean-Bag Boys**
### *Type of meeting held:*
```
Discussion Week 6
```
### *Date, time & location & writer:*
**Date:** `2021-05-7`
**Start Time:** `05:00 PM`
**End Time:** `05:50 PM`
**Platform:** `Zoom`
**Author:** `Gourab Dastider`
​
### *Members present:*

Gourab Dastider
Alan Tram
Richie Porras
Xun Zhu
​
### *The agenda of what is discussed:*
We began by debriefing our high fidelity prototype with Deepak and explained our fully changed UI and brought up how we are clarifying the rapid logging action of the bullet journal application.

Deepak recommended to schedule a meeting with him to help us garner a more focused outlook on our collection hierarchy. We currently have too many things going on that derail us from a simple user interface. He mentioned that our feature set may have strayed to be more generalized as a notebook rather than bullet journal oriented towards our user stories. 
​