# **Team 27: Bean-Bag Boys**
### *Type of meeting held:*
```
Developer workflow
```
### *Date, time & location & writer:*
**Date:** `2021-05-12`

**Start Time:** `04:00 PM`

**End Time:** `05:00 PM`

**Platform:** `Zoom`

**Author:** `Richie Porras`

### *Members present:*

Issac Navarro

Richie Porras

Xun Zhu

### *The agenda of what is discussed:*

The developers went over the CI/CD pipeline phase I that will guide the project workflow effectively. There is some confusion as to how to complete the project as 
the assignment is a bit vague. However, this meeting gave the developers a good path to begin in order to create a good pipeline for the team. Furthermore, some questions came
about to ask the TA leading the group, which will be asked this Thursday's group meeting at 5:30PM. 

What the devs know is to setup a pipeline by generating a diagram of the pipeline using draw.io or the github visualizer. Once complete,
the diagram, explanation, and the two minute video will be submitted.

In the meantime, there is a planned meeting for Thursday at 8PM to continue this assignment.
