 # **Team 27: Bean-Bag Boys**
### *Type of meeting held:*
```
Discussion Week 7
```
### *Date, time & location & writer:*
**Date:** `2021-05-13`
**Start Time:** `5:30 PM`
**End Time:** `6:40 PM`
**Platform:** `Zoom / Figma`
**Author:** `Gourab Dastider`
​
### *Members present:*

Gourab Dastider
Samyak Karnavat
Alan Tram
Raymond Wang 
Issac Navarro
Richie Porras
Xun Zhu
Sarah Meng
​
### *The agenda of what is discussed:*
Deepak took another look at our app and maintained his stance that our app functionality was quite ambitious and recommended that we remove many of the embedded features that revolved around our memo's feature. He believed that this would cause complexity beyond our scope of 3 weeks. As a result, we agreed on a form of note cards that are general rather than tied to a given focus item, this way complexity is reduced while maintaining the ability to quickkly log things down. Other teams had very few pieces of additional feedback. 
