# **Team 27: Bean-Bag Boys**
### *Type of meeting held:*
```
Developer workflow
```
### *Date, time & location & writer:*
**Date:** `2021-05-13`

**Start Time:** `08:00 PM`

**End Time:** `9:30 PM`

**Platform:** `Zoom`

**Author:** `Richie Porras`

​
### *Members present:*
Issac Navarro

Richie Porras

Xun Zhu

Sarah Meng

​
### *The agenda of what is discussed:*

We iterated the pipeline and used the feedback gained from the TA lead to proceed. We started implementing documentation and lint checkers in a separate branch where we will start
testing out the workflow later this week. Furthermore, we did run into some problems. As we are still new to GitHub actions, we need to figure out how to properly use the keywords 
to make the workflow work the way we intend it to. In addition, it appears there is also some learning to do with the marketplace workflows we implemented with JSDocs and ESLint.
Moving forward, we just need sort these 2 out by the Monday checkpoint before moving on to code quality and testing.
