# Sprint Review #1
### Duration May 6th - Math 16th
## 1) Group 27: Bean Bag Boys

### *Date, time & location & writer:*
**Date:** `2021-05-16`

**Start Time:** `11:00 PM`

**End Time:** `11:34 PM`

**Platform:** `Zoom`

**Author:** `Gourab Dastider`

### Team members Present:
Gourab Dastider
Samyak Karnavat
Alan Tram (Out with Severe illness, Recapped asynchronously with Team Leads)
Sarah Meng
Raymond Wang
Xun Zhu
Issac Navarro
Richie Porras

### The Summary of the Sprint Review
- We began with an overview of the tasks that we planned for Sprint#1 and brushed up with the upcoming deadlines which many of the sprint plans were created to address. This was handled in a quick discussion held by Gourab, Samyak, Richie, Raymond, and Sarah.
- After getting a good semblance of our progress with regards to the deadlines, we decided to go one by one with the progress we made over our 10 day planned sprint.
- First to go was our group of devs, Richie, Issac, Sarah, and Xun. Each of them were able to outline the current progress on the CI/CD pipeline and how some of the cool features of linting and auto deployment. Moreover, Richie and Sarah outlined some of the key aspects found in the YAML files for the github actions. The devs were able to form preliminary diagrams for the workflow, however many of the artifacts are still in progress, but the devs ensured that everything was planned correctly to meet our checkpoint deadlines for CI/CD.
- After our devs showed off their hard work, we moved toward our final Bullet Journal design which was piloted by Alan. Alan however was quite ill at the time of the planned meeting, but he was able to provide his materials and progress through text form, which was reiterated by Gourab. Much of design work in the spring period was spent trying to reduce the complexity of our original information architecture. The devs were quite impressed with the progress made by Alan especially with the extra hours he spent with the TA to get more feedback and advice on how to improve our bullet journal.
- Next, we went on to the handling of documentation. Samyak and Raymond have taken charge of handling ADR documentation and they outlined their ongoing plan of reviewing the decisions marked out in the meeting notes and formalizing them into ADR documents. They had decided to split the meeting notes into half with Samyak handling the early stage and preliminary architecture decisions whereas Raymond took hold of the many design decisions that were hashed out with our low fidelity and high fidelity mock-ups.
- Finally, we finished up with the discussion about keeping up with meeting notes and the daily-standup's. Gourab had taken charge of those responsibilities and explained the formal template for each one to simplify the process along the strategies he uses during meetings to track down decisions, discussion points, scheduling forthcoming meetings. This wrapped up all of the progress made during Sprint #1.