 # **Team 27: Bean-Bag Boys**
### *Type of meeting held:*
```
Week 8 TA Meeting Plus Prep
```
### *Date, time & location & writer:*
**Date:** `2021-05-18`
**Start Time:** `6:00 PM`
**End Time:** `6:56 PM`
**Platform:** `Zoom / Figma`
**Author:** `Gourab Dastider`
​
### *Members present:*

Gourab Dastider
Samyak Karnavat
Alan Tram
Raymond Wang 
Issac Navarro
Richie Porras
Xun Zhu
Sarah Meng
​
### *The agenda of what is discussed:*
We began by looking at the final high fidelity prototype that Alan completed which brought in the suggestions of the Professor's office hours session. This included getting right of box headers at the top of our site along with adding images to the backgrounds of our 3 columns layout. After understanding the changes to the figma protoype, we displayed our final product to our TA. he believed that the design was mature enough to begin the development process of the application. We clearly outlined a suggested timeline of development.

Week 8 :
- index.html outline
- Individual components
- Integrate over the weekend - MVP
Week 9 :
- data layer - local storage / index db
- Testing strategy
- Unit tests
- More integration + features that were not added in the MVP
Week 10 :
- More unit tests, end to end tests
- CSS fine tuning
- Bug fix, buffer

This timeline allowed us to gauge how we could try to work our development to reach these goals. The first step of the process was to get a skeleton to inject all of the components into. This was planned as the first step to development and Samyak took responsibility for this.