 # **Team 27: Bean-Bag Boys**
### *Type of meeting held:*
```
TA Week 9 + Prep
```
### *Date, time & location & writer:*
**Date:** `2021-05-25`
**Start Time:** `6:05 PM`
**End Time:** `7:01 PM`
**Platform:** `Zoom / VSCode`
**Author:** `Gourab Dastider`
​
### *Members present:*
Gourab Dastider
Samyak Karnavat
Sarah Meng
Issac Navarro
Richie Porras
Xun Zhu
Raymond Wang
​
### *The agenda of what is discussed:*
The beginning of this meeting was meant to be a status check of how component development was going on everyone's behalf. We had just integrated the scrolling and the basis of focus items, but now we got a closer look at the card development, the daily view, and the weekly view. We can clearly see that the card view is coming along quite nicely and the daily view was proving a bit complicated. Moreover, the weekly view implemenation looked quite a bit more complciated and as a result, we decided that the weekly view would be given a lower priority. After this our TA joined the meeting and we were able to explain all the progress that we made of the week and showed the current progress on our different components. After taking a look, Deepak recommended that we try to minimize dom manipulations to increase the efficiency of app. Afterwards he explained the importance of testing and designating memebers of the team to specifically work on that portion. As a result, we split the team into three, Sarah,Xun,Richie worked on getting the testing suite up and running, then Gourab and Samyak took hold of figuring our how to store the needed information on local storage or indexdb, and finally, Issac, Raymond, and Alan took on the task of completing the daily view as it was a quite involved component.